Hello everyone, this is Mr. Brain Junkie here!
and today we'll be talking about a fantasy
action film called Along with the Gods, be
ready for some spoilers ahead!
Somewhere in the population center of Korea,
a large building is burning in flames while
a firefighter named Hong jumps out from the
building, trying to save a civilian's life.
His rope is burned by the raging heat, causing
him to fall quickly onto the ground, without
landing on the saftey cushion.
His entire life flashes before his eyes, but
surprisingly, the man is able to wake up after
saving the little girl from being killed.
He gets up and rushes towards the girl's family,
trying to see if the victim is hurt, but no
matter how hard he talks, no one seems to
be responding.
Suddenly he hears a voice calling his name
from afar, and sees two people in suits smiling
towards him amidst the chaos.
Hong tries telling them to step away from
the falling debris, but soon notices the firefighters
trying to save a man who looks exactly like
the main character himself.
The woman named Choon tells Hong that he's
paragon before he died, and they are here
to assist him through the 7 trials of judgements.
The other guardian called Mak tells him that
their leader is waiting for them before the
gates towards the trials, and they have to
go there right now.
Hong has trouble taking all this information
in, and slowly walks away while looking at
his comrades mourning over his dead body.
He screams that he can't die right now as
he wants to see his mother, but the man's
body begins levitating in the air towards
the giant portal.
Hong continues shouting about seeing his mother,
while the guardians are touched that he's
so caring towards his parent even after death.
They arrive in different dimension where thousands
of people are heading towards the gates of
judgement,
and Hong meets the guardian leader called
Rim, who's helped 47 souls to reincarnate
in the the past century.
When the leader congratulates Hong for being
a paragon, the man looks away and declines,
stating that he's not a good person at all.
They enter through the gates of judgement,
but are teleported to a nightmarish place
full of lava called the mountain of murder.
Mak is shocked to see their location and immediately
questions Hong if he's killed someone in his
life, but the man denies having ever done
something so terrible.
Rim explains that causing someone's death
indirectly through inaction is also judged
by the trials, which may be the reason that
they're here.
Hong arrives on a stadium where large doors
on the ground opens up, revealing a giant
pit filled with lava.
The people who are punished try desperately
to climb out, but they continuously burn inside
the sea of flames.
The prosecutors begin the trial by accusing
Hong of not saving one of his colleagues when
he had the chance to do so, which eventually
led to the man's death.
They demand that Hong suffers inside the lava
pit for 5 years, in order to atone the sin
of not saving his friend.
Rim defends the man by requesting to closer
examine on what really happened at the incident.
Apparently, Hong did try to desperately save
his friend at the scene, but they couldn't
move the stone that the fire fighter was trapped
under.
After realizing the hopeless situation, His
colleague told him to leave and save the other
civilians instead.
Because of Hong's decision, He was able to
save eight people that night.
Rim argues that the man's heroism should be
taken into consideration when judging his
decision to leave his friend behind.
Seeing the man's bravery at helping others,
the judge decides to exonerate him from the
charges and allow him to pass on to the next
trials.
Although Hong has won the first hearing, he's
greatly affected by the reminder of his colleague's
death.
He demands to know why the guardians are helping
him, as he doesn't believe himself to be a
Paragon.
It turns out that the guardians have their
own agendas, as they made a deal with the
king of hell who's called Yeomra.
If the three are able to help 49 dead souls
to go through the trials and reincarnate within
the century, they can also become humans as
well.
They eventually arrive at the trial of Indolence,
where Choon explains all the labors that Hong
has completed.
The man has never been lazy through out his
life, and always helped others no matter where
he went.
this even means knocking over a beehives and
subjecting his whole team to terrible stings,
or rescuing some grumpy cat on the edge of
a building and breaking the owner's Lamborghini
with his head.
The judge was so moved by Hong's contributions
that she orders the prosecutors to immediately
build a statue in honor of the paragon.
However, when she inquires about why the man
wanted to live his life so fully, Hong replied
that the reason was simply for money.
Upon hearing the man's answer, the judge quickly
changes her verdict and tells the prosecutors
to send Hong into the punishment,
where a giant machines chases after all the
people guilty of indolence, crushing their
bones and feeding them to the fishes.
The guardians try their best to help their
defendant, and begs the goddess to look closer
at the man's life.
The reason Hong worked so hard to make money
was because he wanted to support his mother
who was sick and his brother who wanted to
go to law school.
Hong worked so much that he often disregarded
his own health, and his desire for money is
therefore not due to selfishness.
After realizing the man's true motivations,
the goddess finds that Hong is not guilty
as he only wanted to help his family.
The group quickly boards the boat that will
take them to the next location, but before
they can celebrate, they notice that they
are being pursued by numerous monsters.
The team unleashes their weapons and tries
their best to defend against the creatures.
They're able to defeat many of the enemies
by cutting them into pieces, but the captain
eventually gets knocked over the ship and
barely hangs on.
Mak is forced to defend the ship all by himself
while giving his leader the chance to recover.
In the finally moment, Mak strikes a large
stone pillar that causes the rocks to fall,
finally saving them from the monster's pursuit.
The man explains that this can only happen
because a family of Hong has died and became
a vengeful spirit.
In order to stop other monsters from pursuing
them in the future, Rim decides to visit Hong's
family in order to find out the truth about
what happened.
He goes to Hong's resident and notices that
the mother is clearly alive, this can only
mean that it was the brother Soo who died
and turned into a vengeful spirit.
The evil aura tries to run away while the
guardian chases closely behind.
Rim tries to stop the spirit by catching it
using his weapon, but the ghost manages to
avoid the attacks from behind.
The two eventually clashes together and knocks
the guardian away, allowing the spirt to disappear
as Rim looks desperately for his prey.
The guardian follows the trail to a military
base, where he noticed the soldier talking
about Soo and referring to him as a deserter.
What's even more curious is that the captain
and one of his fellow soldiers is clearly
hiding something.
Rim disguises as a colonel of the army and
proceeds to question the captain about Soo,
accusing him of killing the man.
Surprisingly, the captain begins blackmailing
the guardian out of fear, which further confirms
that he's responsible for the brother's death.
On the other side, Hong is being questioned
by the goddess of deceit, and accused of writing
numerous false wills and testaments for his
colleague, which he failed to save earlier.
He gave these writings to the man's daughter,
lying to her by pretending to be the girl's
father.
The goddess immediately orders the man to
be tied up and prepares to punish him by cutting
off his tongue.
Luckily, Rim is able to connect to his team
through telepathy and argues for Hong's actions.
It turns out that he also wrote false letters
to his mother, lying about how great his life
is and how wealthy he became.
Rim argues that these are all attempts to
comfort the people that he cares about, by
providing them hope that reality can't offer,
and allowing them to live on.
Upon realizing that Hong did all this in order
to provide others a reason to live on, the
deity forgives the man's crimes as the intentions
were never to harm.
After the trial, Rim lies to Hong and tells
him that his families are doing fine, but
quickly informs the team about the truth regarding
Hong' brother.
Rim goes back in time to see what really happened
on the of night Soo's death, and realizes
that his comrade Dong shot the man by accident
after switching off the safety.
Dong called their captain right away, and
instead of trying to save the dying man, the
soldier decides to burry Soo and hide the
evidence so that his promotion would not be
soiled.
Rim looks at the body of Soo and realizes
in shock that the man was actually not dead,
forcing him to remember the memories from
his past where his father was also buried
alive.
At the same time, Hong has arrived in the
hell of injustice, where the people are frozen
for years in order to pay for their crime
of not helping others.
Thankfully, Hong's profession as a firefighter
means that he'll not be judged here, but instead
be allowed to move on to the next location.
During the ride inside the cable car, it's
revealed that the guardians all have their
memories erased except for their leader Rim.
Mak tries to stop his teammate from revealing
anymore about their limitations, but accidentally
informs Hong that his brother is in fact the
vengeful spirit.
Upon realizing the truth, the man's unstable
psyche shakes the entire realm and breaks
the cable car, nearly dropping his guardians
below,
But Hong is able to pull himself together
in the last moment, and offers to help his
teammates.
The three eventually arrives in the hell of
betrayal, where a beautiful goddess judges
the people who betrayed their loved ones by
trapping them in a mirror and shattering the
victims.
Luckily, Hong was a paragon in his lifetime
and did not betray anyone, allowing him to
move on safely from this location as well.
At the same time, Rim is able to find the
vengeful spirit in a night club where he's
trying to kill one of soldiers who buried
him alive.
The guardian chases after Soo right away,
and they fight continuously in the air while
flying through the city.
Rim is able to capture the spirit by setting
a trap and tying him onto the building using
a magical rope.
The guardian tells the spirit that he needs
to forgive his killers in order to be reborn,
or else he'll be destroyed forever,
but this only served to remind Soo about how
he was buried alive and betrayed by his best
friends, causing him to scream in rage and
break free by creating a massive shockwave.
On the other side, after drinking numerous
amounts of alcohol, Dong has decided to give
the location of the body to Soo's mother,
unable to bear with the guilt any longer.
The woman open the map and finally sees the
location of his youngest son, while Soo watches
everything from behind his mother.
The vengeful spirit goes to Rim and tells
the guardian that he has decided to forgive
Dong, after seeing the soldier's guilt and
how the location of the body was given to
the mother.
Soo begs the guardian to act like a medium
so that he may talk to Dong for the last time,
promising that he'll go through the trials
afterwards.
The spirit talks through the man and tells
the soldier that he forgives him, and to not
waste anymore new tears on something from
the past.
Meanwhile, Hong has reached the hell of violence
and sees a giant hole in which they must jump
into in order to reach the trials.
The man falls into the massive opening and
crashes into a giant rock, but Mak is able
to catch his teammate and land beside Hong.
However, Hong slides towards the two and knocks
them over by accident, causing them to free
fall once again towards the bottom of the
pit.
Mak rushes towards the two while Hong is able
to grab the girl and tries to save her from
the crash just like before he died.
Surprisingly, their fall is quickly stopped
at the last moment after reaching the bottom.
The trial of violence begins and the prosecutors
accuse Hong of beating up his brother in high
school.
This action was especially unforgivable as
the young boy was suffering from malnutrition
due to how poor the family was at the time.
In fact, Hong never sought out forgiveness
after the fight, as he ran off away from his
family the very next day, and never went home
ever since.
The judge decides quickly that the man is
guilty of violence towards his own family,
and plans to sent him into a pit where people
are constantly hit by rocks as punishment.
Seeing that Hong is about to be sentenced,
Choon quickly demands the judge to hold off
the conviction, and look at the final trial
together with the current one, as they are
closely related.
This play is very risky as it requires the
guardians to forfeit their powers in the afterlife
if Hong was found to be guilty on the next
trial.
Unfortunately, the guardians quickly learn
the truth about what happened on that night
of the fight.
Soo woke up after seeing his brother kneeling
before their mom, and demands to know what
Hong was doing, but soon finds out that the
boy was trying to kill his own mother using
a pillow.
Soo tried to stop his brother immediately,
which caused Hong to eventually drop the pillow
and begin punching the young boy continuously
with anger.
It turns out that Hong felt very hopeless
at that time of his life as their family was
so poor and his mother was gravely ill.
The only way he believed that can end their
suffering was through death and nothing else.
This is also why he felt extremely guilty
afterwards and ran away from home, never returning
to his family ever again.
After hearing this, the guardians become hopeless
as they realize that there is no way they
can win the trials now, especially in the
final hell of filial impiety.
At the same time, Rim is trying to bring Soo
towards his body so that the spirit can finally
begin the journey towards reincarnation as
well.
When they arrive at the military camp, Soo
is surprised to see that his mother is here,
begging the soldiers to bring her to her son's
body.
The captain of the army sees this and rushes
towards the woman, ripping her signs into
pieces and pushing her onto the ground, causing
her to faint in the exertion.
Soo sees that his mother is being attacked
by his killer and becomes engulfed in rage,
quickly turning into the vengeful spirit that
he was before.
He breaks free from the restraints and grabs
onto the guardian, throwing the man away using
tremendous force.
Soo's fury becomes so intense that he turns
into a giant tornado, engulfing all the soldiers
in the area and opening a gateway towards
the afterlife itself.
The vengeful spirit tosses everything around
and creating massive chaos, while Rim tries
desperately to save all the people from being
killed.
Luckily, Mak is able to charge into the living
world through the portal and launches at Soo,
breaking away the giant statue and stunning
the enemy.
Rim takes the chance and charges in as well,
capturing Soo using a magical rope and finally
putting a stop to the rampage.
Meanwhile, the trial of Hong begins at the
other end as king Yeomra himself decides to
be the judge for the case.
The deity charges the man with attempting
to murder his own mother and beating his brother
in such a desperate time.
The king also reveals that Hong's mother actually
knew about her son's attempt kill her,
but remained silent and kept all this tragedy
inside her heart, which makes the man's crime
even worse.
The deity concludes that Hong will be punished
forever in this hell, as he tried to commit
the worst thing possible of killing the one
who gave him life.
Suddenly, the entire realm begins shaking
as a voice begins speaking to Hong's mother.
It turns out that Rim has used his power to
allow Soo to speak to his mother in a dream,
and the son apologizes for his brother.
Soo tell the woman that Hong has worked non-stop
for 15 years in order to support them ever
since that night, after feeling guilty for
what he did.
Surprisingly, the mother reveals that she
has forgiven her son a long time ago, and
apologizes herself for not being able to provide
for her children.
Hong hears this and falls into tears, while
the king himself has been moved by their display
of family.
The deity decides that he can no longer charge
Hong for his crimes, as the victim has forgave
him a long time ago, thus allowing the man
to be reincarnated.
Hong hears this and bows towards Choon, thanking
the guardians for helping him through the
journey, before disappearing into the bright
lights.
Back in the mortal realm, Rim has decided
to bring Soo as their 49th reincarnation,
planning to achieve their deal for the king
so that they can be reborn as well.
The group arrives inside the hell of filial
impiety in front of numerous demons, and charges
towards the enemies in order to open a way
to the king of hell himself.
So what do you guys think about this movie?
Let me know in the comments below! and if
you like my video, please press like and subscribe
for more, I'll see you guys next time!